---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unleash_feature Resource - terraform-provider-unleash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Project resource
---

# unleash_feature (Resource)

Project resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environments` (Attributes Map) The list of environments where the feature can be used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments))
- `name` (String) The name of this feature
- `project` (String) The name of project this feature belongs to
- `type` (String) Type of the toggle e.g. experiment, kill-switch, release, operational, permission

### Optional

- `description` (String) Detailed description of the feature
- `impression_data` (Boolean) true if the impression data collection is enabled for the feature, otherwise false

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID which is a combination of project and feature name

<a id="nestedatt--environments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Is this environment enabled
- `strategies` (Attributes List) Strategies of this feature (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments--strategies))

Optional:

- `variants` (Attributes List) Variants of this feature (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments--variants))

<a id="nestedatt--environments--strategies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments.strategies`

Required:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled flag
- `name` (String) Name of this strategy

Optional:

- `constraints` (Attributes List) Constraints of this strategy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments--strategies--constraints))
- `parameters` (Map of String) Parameters of this strategy
- `segments` (Set of Number) Segment IDs of this strategy
- `sort_order` (Number) Sort order
- `title` (String) Title of this strategy
- `variants` (Attributes List) Variants of this strategy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments--strategies--variants))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of this variant

<a id="nestedatt--environments--strategies--constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments.strategies.constraints`

Required:

- `context_name` (String) Context name
- `operator` (String) Operator
- `values_json` (String) An array of string values encoded in JSON. This need to be JSON to avoid performance issue with large number of values.

Optional:

- `case_insensitive` (Boolean) Case insensitive flag
- `inverted` (Boolean) Inverted flag


<a id="nestedatt--environments--strategies--variants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments.strategies.variants`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of this variant
- `stickiness` (String) Stickiness

Optional:

- `payload` (String) Payload value
- `payload_type` (String) Payload type
- `weight` (Number) Weight (1 - 1000). This is required only if weight_type is fix.
- `weight_type` (String) Weight type (fix, variable)



<a id="nestedatt--environments--variants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments.variants`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of this variant
- `weight_type` (String) Weight type (fix, variable)

Optional:

- `overrides` (Attributes List) Overrides assigning specific variants to specific users. The weighting system automatically assigns users to specific groups for you, but any overrides in this list will take precedence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments--variants--overrides))
- `payload` (String) Payload value
- `payload_type` (String) Payload type
- `stickiness` (String) Stickiness
- `weight` (Number) Weight (1 - 1000). This is required only if weight_type is fix.

<a id="nestedatt--environments--variants--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments.variants.overrides`

Required:

- `context_name` (String) The name of the context field used to determine overrides

Optional:

- `values_json` (String) An overriding array of string values encoded in JSON. This need to be JSON to avoid performance issue with large number of values.
